our first guest tonight wears many hats
comedian talk show host
game show host and she's really good at
buying furniture and lamps
on thursday her new series ellen's next
great designer premieres on hbo max
please say hello to ellen degeneres
[Applause]
how are you
thank you for coming this is i'm
thrilled i could come i'm i'm happy to
be here who are these people
these are uh these people you don't
recognize them now
because they're wearing masks but this
is our staff
they are a staff and crew yeah
are they writers uh two of them are
writers
yeah because they will laugh more at you
than me because they're writing your
stuff so yeah right exactly yeah you
know how that works yeah the horizon
yeah yeah somehow i don't even get that
i
mean it's interesting yeah somehow that
halo effect does not
hover over me it's weird i see them
enjoying you
it's good to see you i haven't seen you
for a while i know it's been a long time
hasn't it
yeah i guess well i was on your show a
few months ago so we got to see each
other on
a a piece of wood with lights on us but
not for real
yeah yeah how's everything going with
you good everything's good i'm just uh
you know
trying to i don't i don't have people we
have uh we have some staff but we have
like six people and the rest are uh
everybody is on little tv screens yeah
watching from
all over the world so that's kind of
interesting but um yeah it is weird
when i did your show you have all the
audiences all on tv and it's like
they're at home watching us on tv and
we're watching them on tv and it's just
kind of an
odd dynamic it's uh and it's it's it's
comfortable because they're
watching from all over the world and so
i mean like today
when i shot we had people from athens
and from italy and from
and so they're watching at 2 a.m and um
and then there are people from
obviously all over the country here but
it's uh and they're in their home and
it's
i think it's easier for them obviously
well sure yeah but they don't get
anything
like no they don't get pillows for
instance
you know they won't get anything like
that you lucky guy you're going to have
him on yeah
i know we had a i really beat
i beat you out for that booking huh want
me to bring them over
after we're done we won't
we won't follow you with them no
[Applause]
you uh or do you celebrate 4 20 uh
no no i don't for you it's like
christmas or hanukkah right it's like
this this must be your day
why would you say that that's a weird
thing to say
are you high right now no no no
ooh heineken would be a good holiday too
yeah
yeah no uh no i don't i i never did like
uh marijuana or uh whatever what's it
called
pot marijuana yeah they call it that
those are two of the names yeah
it has more names than like shaquille
o'neal it's got a lot of names
yeah i don't partake in the wacky
tobacco or the i am not a doobie brother
i am
what about um uh gummies have you eaten
one of those
uh you know everyone cause i hate pot i
really hate the way it feels
um so people have pushed gummies on me
because they're like oh it's nothing
like that this is uh
and as a matter of fact my assistant uh
craig uh
gave me a gummy because he had a hard
time sleeping and he said
just try this gummy i and i said i don't
want it he goes no it's nothing like
that and
everyone always says that and i i
thought i was going to die
i really i thought i thought i was going
to die i
i was so freaked out and then
since then people are like oh you
haven't tried the right gummy you you
need to try
everyone has everyone has a thing that
if you try this it's different than the
other
and so no i don't like any of that can
you tell when people
are high well obviously you couldn't
with me i you know no if i was high
you'd know it there would be no question
about it no i've seen you high
or you have interesting yeah we're not
seeing it right now but let's
why don't we play uh a round of who's
hot yes i'd like to see if i would be
able to do that
okay i'm going to leave this to you then
um we have as you see three pedestrians
so we just kind of pulled them into this
little phone booth type thing that we
constructed and um go ahead you can
start
if you like on the left with richard
okay hi richard hi alan
hi uh where do you live uh boston
massachusetts
boston what are you doing here uh
vacation uh-huh who are you vacationing
with
uh my girlfriend and her daughter okay
and uh
next okay next is
aiden it looks like hi aiden hello
hi where do you live um i live here in
la but i'm from nashville tennessee
i see and you're just vacationing as
well uh you live here in l.a yeah
you said that i'm not high um
do you um do you smoke pot i do
uh-huh okay you ever tried a gummy
i have tried a gummy yes do you like
them i do i do
okay all right and and who's next let's
see uh
we got janice hi janice hi hi janice
where do you live
new york okay you're very mellow for a
new yorker
well there might be a reason for that no
i know
what uh what what do you do i'm a mom
mm-hmm oh how old are you kids
14 8 and 3.
i'm a cool mom well you do something for
sure because you've got
um uh do you have questions jimmy yeah
well
i think right now i'm feeling like it's
janice because almost all moms are high
all the time
it's a new thing you know yeah
i'd let me go back to the first guy
richard
yeah hi richard hi um
look at your eyes your eyes are like
richard you say you're from boston i
find that hard to believe
[Laughter]
do you have a pair of uh bruins
underpants on too
no those are back at the hotel okay
i'm gonna i'm gonna say it's richard oh
i'm sorry not me
no you're not all right oh wow all right
aiden is it you
yes oh it is
are you sure it was too obvious
i don't know his eyes are very clear are
you using visine or something aiden
no uh i my eyes are just having to be
pretty good
sometimes you know i have to tell you
the masks really throw me off i'm
usually
really good at this well when when did
you how long ago did you partake what
did you do did you smoke or what did you
do
uh i used a vaporizer oh okay
how long ago uh probably 30 minutes ago
and then from the moment i woke up
basically
it's a holiday
wow wow and our third contestant janice
you are not high huh no no so when you
said you were a cool mom that was
just to throw us off yep
[Music]
and the cardi b shirt too just to throw
us off no i'm a cool mom
okay
all right well we have gifts for you um
what are our gifts
for these okay oh look at that bubble
wands that's
uh janice you share those with your kids
richard you can beat somebody over the
head with that at the garden and
aiden just stare at those all right well
there you go that's how we do it well
yeah i'm not good at it obviously yeah
he did not look high right
yeah well they did you know what it is
hard it's a difficult game there's
nothing easy about
it no
how is porsha doing uh she's good you
know you heard about her
i did i heard she had appendicitis yeah
she she
um she was uh oh here's what happened
um i i was uh she wasn't feeling well
and it was like 7 30 at night and she
said i
you know i don't feel well i wanna go to
bed and i'm like it's 7 30.
it's too early we usually go to bed at 8
30.
um so i had started
so chelsea handler told me about these
like weed drinks they're called cans
c-a-n-n
and they have cbd or t-t-h i don't know
what the good thing is but
it has something that's supposedly this
is another one like uh no this is
different
so i i i drank one
and i didn't feel anything and i drank
so i drank three
and then i took two like melatonin sleep
pills
and i'm laying in bed and i realize
she's not in bed
and i hear i said are you okay and she's
like uh
and i said baby are you okay and and i
she's moaning i get out of a bed and
she's
on the ground on all fours and i said
you're not okay she goes i'm okay i said
no unless you're playing twister by
yourself you're not
okay so um i rushed her to the emergency
room
and uh they heard you drove her yourself
i did i mean i kicked in like my
adrenaline was like because i just had
to rush her there so
it's probably not safe i shouldn't be
saying any of this
[Laughter]
at least you're headed to the emergency
room
[Laughter]
and uh so they ran all kinds of tests
weren't sure you know what it is
until they admitted her because they
were finding all kinds of things
and then uh the next morning they had to
uh take her appendix out that was uh
emergency appendectomy and um she uh
was begging for more pain pills because
she was still in pain and the nurse was
like
not giving them to her so she starts
offering up
tickets to my show she starts yeah like
she's like bargaining like upping it to
12 days like what about the christmas 12
day show like
so her nurse didn't go for it huh well
she technically could not she wanted to
but she
it was tempting but um she's she's much
better now
oh good oh yeah that's scary you had
that right that happened to me once yeah
yeah
yeah we're about to start a show um yeah
yeah yeah
but i knew immediately it was
appendicitis i went i said take this out
they're like hold on a second there
buddy you gotta we gotta figure this out
first
and they're like okay yeah we need to
take that out and they did take it out
that's a it's amazing you knew she she
really
thought that it she just was having you
know pain and she did it wasn't
localized yet so it took overnight to
kind of localize
well i'm a doctor so um yeah it's uh yes
it's being a doctor i know these kind of
things
ella's with us her new show is called
ellen's next great designer
on hbo max we'll be right back if you
like that video
then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below